FIxed bug where SQL returns 0 results (#17651)
demisto/content: Packs/SecurityTrails/ReleaseNotes/1_1_1.md

#### Integrations
##### SecurityTrails

> - Updated the code to deal with an error when no results are returned using the SQL query function (securitytrails-sql-query)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **securitytrails-sql-query** failed when the query returned an empty result.
```
